.TH actexec 1 "November 2011" "" "ActExec Manual"
.SH NAME
ActExec \- Task automation
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B actexec \-s|\-c|\-Q|\-p|\-\-proxy\-mode|\-\-proxy\-type|\-\-proxy\-host
|\-\-proxy\-port|\-\-proxy\-user|\-\-proxy\-password|\-v|\-h <filename>

.SH DESCRIPTION
ActExec is a commandline tool that allows you to execute code files and scripts made with Actiona.
.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B \-s, \-\-script
switch to script mode, may not be used with 
.B \-c

.TP
.B \-c, \-\-code
switch to code mode, may not be used with 
.B \-s

.TP
.B \-Q, \-\-nocodeqt
Do not include the Qt library into the code.

.TP
.B \-p, \-\-portable
Starts in portable mode, storing the settings in the executable folder.

.TP
.B \-\-proxy\-mode
Sets the proxy mode, values are
.B none
.B system
.B custom
(default is system).

.TP
.B \-\-proxy\-type
Sets the custom proxy type, values are
.B http
.B socks
(default is socks).

.TP
.B \-\-proxy\-host
Sets the custom proxy host.

.TP
.B \-\-proxy\-port
Sets the custom proxy port.

.TP
.B \-\-proxy\-user
Sets the custom proxy user.

.TP
.B \-\-proxy\-password
Sets the custom proxy password.

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Displays the version number of Actiona.

.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Displays a listing of these commandline options.

.SH SUPPORT
Please visit http://actiona.tools/ for further information. Report bugs only if you are using the latest version available from the Actiona website.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2005\-2011  Jonathan Mercier-Ganady
.P
ActExec is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 or later.
